Come on. Earving.
Me and the others
have something to show you.
Oh. fuck.
Butcher and Soldier Boy.
where are they?
- Why do I have to take the high road?
- M.M..
Soldier Boy is gonna kill more people.
- It wasn't my idea.
- Oh. I know. It was Noir's.
What the fuck is this?
Something we should've done
a long time ago.
No!
Why the long face. tiger?
You're Homelander. Button your shit up.
I'm proposing strictly
a transactional relationship.
Where's Ryan?
I'm gonna find him sooner or later.
- I hate you.
- Ready. mon coeur?
Temp V is gonna kill you both.
Jesus Christ.
I was just in the lab. It turns your brain
into fucking Swiss cheese.
- Tell Hughie.
- Everything all right?
You. me. and granny fucker
are gonna finish this fucking job.
- This really you?
- We should have a conversation.
Vogelbaum made a kid. Bitch of it is.
I'd have let you take the spotlight.
What father wouldn't want that
for his son?
Oh!
I knew your fastball
would come in sooner or later.
Stay away from him.
It's okay. I'm not here to cause trouble
or hurt anyone. Just wanna see my son.
And I had a heck of a time
trying to find you. buddy. I...
even had to get a big
important congresswoman to help me.
- She been treating you all right?
- Aunt Grace?
Yeah. she's nice.
Aunt Grace.
Okay.
You know. she may be nice. Ryan.
but she's not your aunt.
She's not even your real family.
I can hear those clumsy fingers of yours
slipping around on that screen.
Get rid of it now.
Listen. Ryan.
Your mom. she wanted
what's best for you. and so do I.
You have a real family.
But aren't you mad at me?
For what I did?
You know it wasn't your fault. right?
Son. when you're as strong as we are.
accidents happen. things break.
and sometimes they are the things
that you love the most.
But that's all it is. an accident.
And nobody on this earth
knows that better than me.
Nobody.
That's why I'm always gonna love you.
No matter what happens. no matter...
what you do...
I'm not going anywhere.
I will always be here.
Homelander admitted on video
he locked up Maeve.
- Bullshit!
- Hell no!
Well. great news.
We just heard
the Attorney General's Office
has a search warrant.
and they are coming here to free Maeve!
- Free Maeve! Free Maeve! Free Maeve!
- Starlight lies! Children die!
Starlight lies! Children die!
- We should've waited for Homelander.
- No. I don't know where he is. do you?
But I know the attorney general
is an attention whore
who loves to be on Don Lemon.
and she's on her way here right now
with a search warrant to look for her.
Where's Soldier Boy?
You mean ever since he told us
he was supposed to kill his own son?
He locked himself in the bathroom
with a bottle of Old Grand-Dad.
Well. Homelander ain't really his son.
and he knows it.
Right. let's be off then. eh?
We'll swing by the office
and grab some more V.
And then Hughie will jump us
to where the cunts are.
We do Noir and Homelander...
and we're finished.
Right?
No. no! No!
Bonjour.
I got you something.
- Voilà.
- The fuck is that?
This is it. Cost three Bugattis' worth
of Starlight's money. but...
A dose of Novichok.
Our weapon against Soldier Boy.
And the only fucking dose
on the Eastern Seaboard.
You put
the world's deadliest nerve agent...
in a 10-dollar bottle of Starlight's Wish?
I must say the smell has improved.
Great.
So you lost your temper and hit a man.
Oh. this is nothing.
You know.
I once took a Spaniard's ear for jabbering
at a screening of 27 Dresses.
Frenchie. my whole point
has always been
to keep my fucked-up shit
away from Janine.
I lost control for one second.
and for the rest of her life...
she's gonna have an image of her daddy
beating up her stepfather.
I gotta lock my shit down.
but I gotta be stronger.
Out of all men's miseries.
the most bitter is this.
To know so much.
To control so little.
I've read a fucking book. all right?
You cannot keep the truth
from your daughter that...
That you are a deeply...
broken and fucked-up man.
I mean. so am I.
So are we all. no?
But you are also perhaps
the best man I ever know.
Let Janine see all of it.
Get back on the fucking Lexapro.
Homelander's shocking admissions
on Starlight's Instagram live feed
led to the largest single-day drop
in the history
- of Vought International stock.
Hey.
- There you are.
- Analysts expect the stock...
- Where were you?
- ...remain volatile at best...
What do you want?
- Come with me.
- I'm walking.
Um. So...
while you were gone...
Deep and I
- had to move Maeve out of the tower.
It was your idea.
You were there.
I wasn't.
We didn't have a choice.
- Okay.
- There was a search warrant.
- I wanted to wait. but she insisted.
- Can you just shut the fuck up?
- Where is Maeve now?
Noir. Hey.
Bro.
We're just gonna-- We're gonna go.
Yeah. let's-- Okay.
Talk to you guys later.
- Let's fuck up Soldier Boy.
I knew you'd come back.
Hey.
Um...
You really are a spitting image
of my little brother.
What?
Oh. there he is.
- Where's the cum guzzler?
- You were spot-on about him.
There I was. filling up the motor.
I turn around.
- the little git had done a runner.
- We needed him to get near Noir.
Ah. don't you worry about that. guv.
I got it all worked out.
Wake me when we get to New York.
Need a hand?
More in the market for some legs.
What happened to you?
You'll never believe it.
but they gave me a new ticker.
I'm gonna be able to run again.
All the races and the endorsements...
I'm about to get it all back.
But it don't mean shit without you.
I need you.
Come coach me.
And you can still work with the kids
at the broke-ass school.
Hell. you'll make enough
to fix the damn place up.
I'm really fucking sorry. Nate.
I'll spend the rest of my life
making it up to you.
Did you kill Blue Hawk?
What?
No. that was...
Soldier Boy.
- You did.
- No.
- Nate--
- I didn't want that.
I wanted my kids
to see his mug shot on the TV.
And now he's-- Fuck!
I stopped him.
- For you.
- Don't say you did that for me.
- You've only ever been about yourself.
- I'm sorry. I'll make it right.
How?
Every time you try. you make it worse.
Reggie. just go. man.
Just go. Just get out. Okay?
Go sell your menthol vapes
and your fast-cash shops and all of that.
but just stay out of my life!
Nate.
Come on. man.
I said. get the fuck out of my house!
I don't want a murderer
in the same house with my kids!
Shit. Nate. I'm sorry. Shit. Nate.
Don't touch me!
Don't come back here.
Thanks for picking me up.
I'm sure you wanna tell me
to go fuck myself.
I'm not saying anything.
Because if you did wanna say that.
I mean. you could.
What happened?
Butcher just. out of nowhere.
knocked me out.
Did he tell you?
Tell me what?
That Temp V is fatal.
If you shot up any more.
you'd probably be dead right now.
Oh. my fucking God. He didn't tell you.
- That asshole.
- Saved my life.
Saved your life?
- It looks like he gave you a concussion.
- He stopped me from taking more V.
Have you ever had pizza rolls?
Like. middle-school sleepover
pizza rolls?
Yeah.
Dad bought them in bulk after Mom left.
Every night. we'd have pizza rolls.
watch Remington Steele.
try not to touch her spot on the couch.
And he never fought back for her
or anything.
Just sat there eating pizza rolls.
I spent so much time thinking he was...
sad and weak. just a loser.
But you know what? Dad was there.
Taking care of me
during the worst days of his life.
just trying to keep the lights on and a...
And a roof above our heads.
He wasn't weak.
I just-- I didn't know what strength was.
Annie. I'm so sorry.
I've been an asshole.
I never should've...
I never should've put any of this
onto you.
Thank you for saying that.
Literally. every neuron in your brain
is screaming. "I told you so."
so just say it
before your head explodes.
Oh. my God!
I fucking told you so.
- Feel good to get that out?
- So satisfying. Oh. my God.
Hello?
Oh. my God.
Where are you?
Residents of Central Florida
are expressing their gratitude today
to former young American superhero.
General Fisher.
Hey.
Hey. Maeve.
Good to see you again. Glad you're okay.
It's like you wear a neon sign
that says "raw dog me. I'm a bottom."
- I'm gonna let you two catch up.
- Me too.
Where were you?
About 12 floors below you in the Tower
this whole time.
How did you get out?
Your hashtag "free Maeve" shit
got every LGB-Teen in the world
up Vought's ass.
You got me my chance.
You know what would've been better
though? Actually busting me out.
I think that would've been way harder.
Merde.
That hurt.
You've been drowning yourself
in this shit
since Little Nina.
I have done my part.
We're not finished. asshole.
I am.
Asshole!
Little Nina was right.
My papa. he put a chain around my neck.
and all that fucking changes
is who holds the other end.
Our past is not who we are.
I thought I'd always be broken.
But you saw something in me.
I see it in you.
What do you see?
I see mon coeur.
Soldier Boy is Homelander's
fucking what?
Homelander's father.
Biologically. at least.
So put them in a room together.
are they gonna fight or fucking hug?
We don't know.
Soldier Boy's been weird. but Butcher--
If there's a snowball's chance
that Butcher can take down Homelander.
he's gonna take it.
I don't care what your orders are.
I'm Starlight and I'm telling you that
you need to evacuate the Tower. Now.
Because Soldier Boy is alive
and he's real. and he's gonna--
Oh. fucking. you fucking stupid--
Fuck.
There are a couple thousand people
in that building.
I mean. if he pulls a Herogasm.
he's gonna take
the whole fucking place down.
Then we take down Soldier Boy
before he gets to Homelander.
And save Butcher.
Y'all two fuck us over. and now
you wanna be Mother fucking Teresa?
I know. And I'm sorry. But--
Hughie. some people
are just past saving.
He don't wanna be saved.
He could've dragged me down.
but he didn't.
There's still something
good deep. deep...
deep inside.
Balls deep...
perhaps.
Bonjour. petit Hughie.
We save everyone.
Even if they don't deserve it.
Especially if they don't deserve it.
Whoo.
That brings me back.
Used to sneak my dad's Manhattans
when I was a kid.
I didn't have to nick nothing
from my old man.
He used to get me
and my little brother lagered
just for the hell of it.
Well. I got to admit
that does sound funny.
- The old man still around?
- Arse cancer.
Shitting his guts out as we speak.
one hopes.
You ever see The Soldier Boy Story?
- Must have missed it.
It's a classic.
We lost Best Picture
to American in Paris that year.
At least I got to ass-fuck Jane Wyman
in the coat check.
About a poor kid
from the streets of South Philly.
Discovers he's got incredible powers
to match his heart of gold.
It's all bullshit.
Blimey. you don't say?
Actually. my father owned
half the steel mills in the state.
I went to boarding school.
Got kicked out of boarding school...
because I was a fuckup.
But he made sure I knew it.
Use a belt. did he?
Never laid a hand on me.
He couldn't be bothered.
He said I was a disappointment...
not good enough to carry his name.
So I went to his golf buddies
in the War Department
and they got me
into Dr. Vought's Compound V trials.
I became a superhero.
The strongest man alive.
Fucking ticker tape parades
when I came home.
And what did the old man say then?
Ah.
He said I took a shortcut.
That a real man wouldn't have cheated.
Mm.
What about you? You got kids?
It's complicated.
I always assumed I had a few out there.
Somewhere.
I always wanted them.
Because I thought I could do it better
than my father did.
Homelander ain't yours.
Not really.
- He's the only blood I've got left.
- It don't matter.
You didn't name him. didn't raise him.
Vought grew him in a fucking test tube
to take your place.
He's the fucking reason
they left you to rot with the Ivans.
Look. mate.
We had a deal.
I'm gonna get some air.
Sharpen it for a thousand hours.
still won't cut Soldier Boy's skin.
So you were on his team.
You knew him.
What was he like?
Come on.
Nobody's all bad.
He's my father.
I didn't believe him at first.
I ripped apart the company archives.
and...
it's true.
It's true.
They lied to me my whole life.
Surprise.
Thing I needed most as a kid.
and they kept it from me.
Now. I...
I'm not sure I want to.
It's funny everyone thinks of you
as this unreadable sphinx. a mystery.
Not me.
I see through that mask.
I mean. literally.
I can see your face. your battle scars.
that crooked old smile of yours.
I know when you're happy.
sad. telling the truth...
lying.
Did you know...
that I had a father out there...
alive this whole time?
Fuck.
Why didn't you tell me?
You should've told me.
Don't worry. Earving.
We are so proud of you.
Soon you'll be in the sweet embrace
of Christ the Lord.
Fuck me.
I figured you was dead.
Didn't think I knew where
the blind spots were. motherfucker?
Back up.
- Where's Soldier Boy?
- You on that Temp V shit. Butcher?
Huh?
What happens if I pull this trigger?
Go on. Do it.
Hey. M.M. M.M. stop.
M.M.
If Soldier Boy goes through with this.
thousands will die.
Help us stop him.
This ain't a bloody KinderCare
we're on about. son.
It's Vought fucking Tower.
Becca worked in the Tower.
You shut your fucking cakehole.
Frenchie.
No.
No. my cakehole will remain open.
You will never command me again.
- I am done with your cruelty.
Okay. Frenchie. focus.
I deserve respect!
And we all deserve paid vacation days
and a dental plan.
We heard you.
You could've let me die from the V.
but you saved me.
In the shittiest way possible. but still.
I don't think you wanna do this.
I think you want me to pull you back
like Lenny used to.
Maeve. No!
Butcher's right. Homelander needs to die.
That's it. Whatever it takes.
I really thought
that deep down you were a hero.
Well. you were wrong.
There's no such thing.
This is not gonna happen.
Annie. I don't wanna hurt you.
But I will.
All right. you lot.
In the safe.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. hey.
Let's go.
Hey.
Not now.
Not like this.
Hang about.
Tinker Bell needs power for her powers.
I'm Starlight. and I'm telling you
that you need to evacuate
the Tower. Now.
Why?
- Because Soldier Boy is alive--
We ran it through the voice thingamabob.
It's really her. so...
I think we should probably evacuate.
Nobody's evacuating anything.
We have to project strength.
Right.
No. that's smart. Strength.
So my Angel Fish.
that's what I call Analytics.
we think Soldier Boy's coming for Noir.
last member of Payback. right?
So we should use Noir as bait.
and that way
it draws Soldier Boy directly to the--
Is everything okay with Noir?
He was keeping secrets from me.
When the company first rolled me out
in front of the cameras.
they told me
I was gonna get my very own team.
I wanted so badly for that team
to be the family that I never got.
And then I got you.
I've always tried to help. sir.
What. like.
when you ran away from Herogasm?
Or maybe when you fucked an octopus.
You really wanna help?
Sir...
- that's sort of treason.
- Big word.
Anything you need. Homelander. Sir.
Ashley. take off that wig.
What wig?
Mm. And then there's you.
How could you kill
one of your own kind in cold blood?
You are going to tell the world
that we are the one and only true justice.
Noir was worth more
than all of you put together.
You're not my family.
I don't need any of you.
Remember that.
On the record. if Dakota Bob taps me
for VP. I'd be honored.
Off the record. I'm expecting good news
at the prayer breakfast.
Fuck.
They got a really big head start.
but I know a way in.
And then what?
Because from where I'm standing.
we're fucked with no grease.
No plan and no knockout gas.
- Where do we get more?
- We don't. That was the only one.
There is one lab in New York
that might be stocked
with the things I need.
And as fate would have it.
- we are headed there.
- You're joking.
We'll break into Vought Tower.
while you go to the lab.
crawling with armed guards.
and you'll cook up the world's
most dangerous neurotoxin with what.
a little moxie
and a little Mr. Wizard know-how?
While we hold off Homelander
and Soldier Boy?
Uh. oui?
It's good enough for me.
Me too.
Monsieur Lait de Mère?
The most important shit of my life.
and I'm counting on coked-out Eurotrash.
Shit's baffling.
The prisoners you liberated
here. most of them were nearly dead.
They owe you their lives.
I'm not here to take credit.
These boys here.
they're the real heroes.
What the Jerries did here
is unforgivable.
But I promise you.
I'm gonna serve them up some
good old-fashioned American justice.
Scorched earth. eh. William?
Scorched earth.
Where's Noir?
He's dead.
I killed him.
- Why?
- Because he didn't tell me about you.
I'm alone.
I just wanna talk.
I know what it's like
to have your team betray you.
But with you and I together. they
wouldn't stand a chance. Nobody would.
Unless we kill each other first.
That's true. but why?
What. because he says so?
He's nothing. He's human.
Don't you listen to this fucking twat.
- He ain't your kid.
- Yes. I am. I am your son.
I am your blood.
That's all that matters.
Maybe.
Ryan.
This is my son. Ryan.
Your grandson.
Hi. Grandpa.
You see? You have a family.
You have him...
and you have me.
It's a shame that I've missed so much.
I wish I could've raised you
and taught you. father to son.
Yeah. Me too. That's okay.
We're not alone anymore.
We have each other.
Maybe if I had raised you...
I could've made you better.
and not some weak. sniveling pussy
starved for attention.
But there's no fixing that now.
Weak?
I'm you.
I know.
You're a fucking disappointment.
- Leave him alone! Please. stop!
Get out of here. Ryan.
Get out of the building. now!
- Butcher. stop. please.
- You can't do this.
- Stop! Please!
- Don't do this. Don't. Don't. Don't.
Ryan. get back upstairs. right now.
Ryan!
You little shit.
Ryan?
Hey.
What the fuck are you doing?
- Not the kid.
- I thought you said blood didn't matter.
- Thought that was the whole point.
- He's my wife's son.
Wait. Homelander fucked your wife?
And you wanna save the brat?
- The hell's wrong with you?
- I made a promise.
So this is it?
Everything you wanted.
he's right fucking there.
and now you blink?
Stand down.
Fuck you!
You're weaker than he is.
Hey.
- Dad.
- Yeah. I'm right here.
You're okay.
Hey. asshole.
- Not now. Maeve. We have bigger fish.
- I don't.
I said. not now.
Maeve. stop.
Maeve!
Testing. testing. testing.
Okay. that's loud.
Ahem. Attention. there has been a
terrorist threat called into the building.
Please leave as quickly as you can.
This is not a drill. This is not a test...
Where are you going. Ashley?
With you. Ashley. to the helipad?
Yeah. so the Sikorsky
is actually reserved for SVPs and higher.
Sorry. Ashley.
Leave as quickly as you can.
Thank you.
Freeze! Show us your hands!
♪ It can cut you like a knife
If the gift becomes the fire ♪
♪ On a wire between will
And what will be ♪
♪ She's a maniac. maniac on the floor ♪
Fuck!
♪ She's a maniac. maniac I sure know ♪
♪ And she's dancing like
She's never danced before ♪
♪ She's a maniac. maniac. I sure know ♪
♪ And she's dancing
Like she's never danced before ♪
I've got the Novichok.
I'm fine. Go.
Go.
Yeah! Fuck your shield. bitch.
Oh. no.
No. no. no.
No.
You ain't no hero.
You're just another racist piece of shit
we can't seem to get rid of.
This is for my family.
I'm not going back in that fucking box!
No. you'll kill everyone.
Shit.
Are you hurt?
Ryan. look at me.
Dad.
I wanna go.
Let's leave.
Please.
I want to leave.
Ryan.
Please.
She was one
of America's greatest superheroes.
a role model for little girls everywhere.
A strong. proud lesbian
who pioneered the way for others
to show the world who they really are.
And she made the ultimate sacrifice
when she stopped the Russian
radicalized Soldier Boy and saved us all.
Damage is already done.
We drained the fluid. but...
Mr. Butcher?
Sorry.
Attempting further treatment would
significantly impact your quality of life
without necessarily
extending the time you have.
Sir. no smoking.
How long I got?
Months.
Twelve. 18 on the outside.
Well...
you can kindly fuck off. then.
You know.
for the longest time. Janine. I...
I didn't wanna bring you into this.
But you know what?
There's nothing to be ashamed of.
Truth is...
superheroes aren't always good.
One of them. Soldier Boy...
killed a lot of our family members
a long time ago.
It makes me sad.
Sometimes it makes me mad
when I think about it.
But...
your granddaddy.
he spent his entire life
fighting to get justice.
And now I do too.
I just want you to know
that you should be proud.
Your granddaddy?
Now. he was a real hero.
You're my hero. Daddy.
Thank you.
Hello?
It's me.
Are you there?
Oh. God.
Well. you. uh...
You look like shit.
Fuck off. Smurfette.
You gonna be okay?
Slowly. painfully.
Like every other
powerless shmuck in America.
thanks to Soldier Boy.
Question. should I get a pirate patch
or the Sammy Davis glass eye?
Oh. the pirate patch. no question.
You ready?
- Hey.
- Hey. Elena.
Where will you guys go?
Don't know.
Somewhere Homelander won't find me.
A farm. ideally.
She's from Modesto.
- She was a future farmer of America.
- Great.
Thank you.
For everything.
First time your prissy ass
showed up at the Tower.
crying in that bathroom...
you saved me.
Truth is. you don't need me anymore.
I could jump.
But you can fucking fly.
You're like
a walking Hallmark card. Enough.
Bye.
♪ When are you gonna come down? ♪
♪ When are you going to land? ♪
♪ I should have stayed on the farm ♪
♪ I should have listened to my old man ♪
♪ You know you can't hold me forever ♪
♪ I didn't sign up with you ♪
♪ I'm not a present
For your friends to open ♪
♪ This boy's too young to be singing ♪
♪The blues ♪
♪ So goodbye yellow brick road ♪
♪ Where the dogs of society howl ♪
♪ You can't plant me in your penthouse ♪
♪ I'm going back to my plow ♪
♪ Back to the howling old owl
In the woods ♪
♪ Hunting the horny back toad ♪
♪ Oh. I've finally decided
My future lies ♪
♪ Beyond the yellow brick road ♪
You don't know the real Kevin.
And you wouldn't like him if you did.
You sure you wanna do this?
I don't need it.
I don't. The suit never gave me any
power. and Vought sure as shit didn't.
It's always just been me.
- Annie.
- Mm-hm?
You know. we're in a historic building.
You need to double-knot
and bag your trash...
if you're gonna be working here.
Butcher isn't gonna like it.
Butcher can suck my shit.
Oh. from now on.
this is a democracy. huh?
I say you're one of the boys.
Me too.
Oh. fuck.
After the tragic drowning of presumptive
VP candidate Lamar Bishop.
we go live
to the Singer Campaign in Sioux Falls.
where Dakota Bob
just announced his new running mate.
What would you like to say
to the American people?
As the next vice president.
I will work hard to provide
a safe and secure future for all citizens
on both sides of the political divide.
And that's why
I am so proud to have her on my team.
Well...
that bitch...
has definitely gotta go.
Fuck you. Fuck you! Yeah!
Hey. hey! Fuck you and your lies!
Fuck Starlight!
Fuck Starlight! Fuck Starlight!
- Fuck Starlight!
- Homelander.
Hey.
Hey. Good to see you.
I love you guys.
You are America. True patriots.
Hey. do you wanna meet someone?
Someone very special to me?
- Yes.
- Yeah?
- Yes!
- All right. Come on down here. buddy.
All right. everyone.
This little guy here is my son. Ryan.
- You have a son?
- What?
- Yeah!
- Fuck you. fascist!
What the fuck. libtard?
Yeah.
Yeah!
- That's how Americans do it!
- All right.